Clarify options for setting of the Apollo Gateway API key (#629)
apollographql/apollo: graph-manager-docs/source/federation.mdx

While running in development, it's sufficient to run the gateway with a static service list and use introspection to support the gateway's configuration. When running a gateway in production, however, it's important that the uptime of your gateway is not impacted by the uptime of the federated services beneath it. If a gateway fails to introspect a service or if a service fails to compose with the graph, it's paramount that your gateway be resilient to that change and continue to serve traffic with its previous configuration.

> For this use case, an Apollo gateway can be created to pick up its configuration from a set of managed files, securely stored during [service registration](#registering-federated-services).  To use the managed configuration provisioned by the Graph Manager, obtain an API key from the _Settings_ page of the [Graph Manager](https://engine.apollographql.com) and set the `ENGINE_API_KEY` environment variable to that key.

Author: This existing sentence could maybe use some tweaking as well.  Perhaps, this?:

```suggestion
This resilience can be enabled by configuring the gateway in a managed mode where its configuration is securely stored during [service registration](#registering-federated-services), fetched during gateway initialization and then monitored for changes.  To use the managed configuration provisioned by the Graph Manager, obtain an API key from the _Settings_ page of the [Graph Manager](https://engine.apollographql.com) and set the `ENGINE_API_KEY` environment variable to that key.
```

Reviewer: I'll give this article a more comprehensive review shortly. In the meantime, I think we can leave this sentence as-is (minus the changes already in this PR of course!)
